#66 — Brand the sign-in and sign-up experience
What and why

The authentication page is the first product screen people see after clicking “Få din hjemmeside”.

It currently looks disconnected from the Birdflow marketing site because it uses generic starter-kit styling, an indigo-purple gradient, a Sparkles placeholder icon and default card components.

This creates doubt at the exact moment a potential customer decides whether to create an account.

Rebuild the existing sign-in and sign-up page so it feels like the next step in the Birdflow journey: warm, confident, clear and visually consistent with the marketing site.

This task is a visual, responsive and copy-focused redesign.

Do not change the authentication architecture or behaviour.

Product outcome

After clicking “Få din hjemmeside” on the marketing site, the visitor should land directly in sign-up mode and immediately understand:

They are creating a Birdflow account.
Their website journey starts here.
Birdflow will guide them through their practice, brand and website.
They are still inside the same product and brand experience.

Returning users should see a dedicated sign-in message focused on continuing their website and managing their digital practice.

Done looks like
The page uses Birdflow Purple, Bird Blue, Lime, Blush, black and white according to their defined roles.
The real Birdflow bird and wordmark replace the Sparkles placeholder.
Agbalumo is used only for the main emotional headline and wordmark.
Nunito is used for forms, labels, tabs, buttons, validation and body copy.
Visitors arriving from “Få din hjemmeside” land in sign-up mode.
The sign-up headline is “Få din hjemmeside”.
The sign-in state has separate returning-user copy.
The desktop layout includes a meaningful Birdflow brand panel and a focused authentication panel.
The mobile version retains the important reassurance content instead of simply hiding the branded side.
All visible copy is Danish.
Existing sign-in, sign-up, provider, validation, toast, loading and redirect behaviour remains unchanged.
The page works at mobile, tablet and desktop widths.
The result looks like Birdflow rather than a generic SaaS login template.
Out of scope

Do not change:

Authentication providers.
Sign-in or sign-up API requests.
Session handling.
Cookie or token behaviour.
Email verification logic.
Password reset logic.
Auth callback logic.
Post-login destinations.
Protected-route behaviour.
Onboarding questions.
Onboarding wizard styling.
Check-email screen.
Verify-email screen.
Reset-password screen.
Auth-callback screen.
Source of truth

Use the uploaded Birdflow Visual Identity & Brand Guide, version 1.0, July 2026 as the primary visual reference.

Inspect the existing marketing site and shared BF2 components to understand how the brand has already been implemented.

Relevant files:

client/src/pages/auth.tsx
client/src/components/bf2/theme.ts
client/src/components/bf2/primitives.tsx
client/public/logo.png

Also locate:

The current marketing-site header
The canonical Birdflow bird asset
The canonical Birdflow wordmark
Existing Agbalumo and Nunito font loading
Existing Birdflow button primitives
Existing wave components or SVG paths
Auth route and query-parameter handling
Existing form-validation and toast logic

Do not create local copies of brand tokens inside auth.tsx when reusable tokens already exist.

Mandatory first step: inspect the current implementation

Before changing UI, document the existing behaviour of the page.

Identify:

How sign-in and sign-up mode is selected.
Whether the page uses a query parameter such as mode=signup.
Which fields exist in each mode.
How field validation works.
How errors are shown.
How loading states work.
Which auth providers are available.
Where successful sign-in redirects.
Where successful sign-up redirects.
How forgot-password and email-verification flows are reached.

Preserve all of this behaviour.

Do not refactor auth logic unless required to prevent duplication caused by the visual redesign.

Official Birdflow brand rules
Colour system

Use these exact colours:

export const birdflowColors = {
  purple: "#8016C3",
  blue: "#306DDA",
  lime: "#F6FFD3",
  blush: "#FFF7F7",
  black: "#000000",
  white: "#FFFFFF",
};
Birdflow Purple

Use for:

Large brand fields.
The branded side panel.
Wave ribbons.
Short accents and labels.
Final brand statements.

Text placed directly on Purple must be white.

Do not use Purple for full paragraphs on Lime, Blush or white backgrounds.

Bird Blue

Use for:

The bird logo.
Primary buttons.
Important links.
Active functional emphasis.

Do not use Bird Blue as a large background field.

Lime

Use as the primary light background.

It is appropriate for the main authentication area or large supporting surfaces.

Blush

Use as the secondary light background.

It may be used for the form surface, reassurance block or alternating areas.

Black

Use for headings and body copy on light backgrounds.

Do not replace primary body text with grey.

White

Use for text on Purple and Bird Blue.

A Bird Blue button on a light background should use the brand guide’s standard no-border treatment.

A Bird Blue button placed directly on Purple should receive a white border to preserve contrast.

Forbidden colour treatments

Do not use:

Indigo gradients.
Purple-to-blue gradients.
Mesh gradients.
Tinted variants of the six colours.
Additional accent colours.
Black text on Purple.
Purple text on Bird Blue.
Lime text.
Grey as the main text colour.
Typography
Agbalumo

Use Agbalumo for:

The Birdflow wordmark.
The main sign-up headline.
The main sign-in headline.
At most one supporting emotional statement in the brand panel.

Rules:

Sentence case.
No uppercase.
No letter spacing.
No artificial bold weight.
Never use for form UI, labels or body text.
Nunito

Use Nunito for everything functional:

Body copy.
Form labels.
Inputs.
Tabs.
Buttons.
Links.
Helper text.
Validation messages.
Error messages.
Toasts.

Recommended hierarchy:

Body:
Nunito 400
16–17px
Line-height around 1.7

Inline emphasis and links:
Nunito 700

Labels and primary buttons:
Nunito 800
12–14px for labels
Letter-spaced uppercase where appropriate

Do not make every heading Agbalumo. Product and functional headings should remain Nunito ExtraBold or Black.

Page architecture
Desktop

Create a balanced two-column layout.

Suggested proportion:

Brand panel: 44–46%
Authentication area: 54–56%
Left: Birdflow brand panel

Use a solid Birdflow Purple field.

Include:

Birdflow bird and wordmark.
One strong emotional statement.
A short explanation of the journey.
Three useful process steps.
A restrained Birdflow wave or flow connector.
Optional product-relevant visual elements derived from existing Birdflow UI.

This panel must communicate value rather than acting as decoration.

Right: authentication area

Use Lime as the main background and optionally Blush or white for the form surface.

Include:

Mode-specific eyebrow.
Mode-specific headline.
Supporting copy.
Sign-in/sign-up tabs.
Existing authentication form.
Existing social/provider buttons.
Existing forgot-password action.
Mode-switching prompt.

Avoid the appearance of a default white shadcn card floating in empty space.

The form should feel integrated into the composition.

Tablet layout

At tablet widths:

Keep two columns where readability remains good.
Reduce decorative content before reducing form width.
Maintain comfortable input sizes.
Prevent the brand panel from becoming a narrow strip.
Switch to a stacked layout when the available width no longer supports both sides.

The layout must work around 768px.

Mobile layout

Use a single-column layout.

Recommended order:

Compact logo link.
Headline and supporting copy.
Authentication tabs.
Authentication form.
Compact reassurance block.
Relevant secondary links.

Do not hide all brand-panel content on mobile.

Convert the most important message and process reassurance into a compact block below the form or between the introduction and form.

Do not add horizontal scrolling.

Test at:

375px
768px
1200px
1440px
Logo implementation

Remove the Sparkles icon and all related placeholder styling.

Use the canonical Birdflow bird and wordmark.

Implementation priority:

Reuse the logo component from the marketing site.
Reuse the official SVG assets.
Use client/public/logo.png only if it matches the current official logo and has sufficient resolution.
If necessary, render the official bird asset with the wordmark in Agbalumo.

Do not create an approximate new bird icon.

The logo must link back to:

/

Accessibility:

aria-label="Gå til Birdflows forside"

Use appropriate alt text where the asset is rendered as an image.

Birdflow brand panel content
Main statement
Din digitale praksis. Skabt omkring dig.

Use Agbalumo.

Supporting text
Birdflow hjælper dig fra de første valg til en færdig hjemmeside, brandguide og de værktøjer, du bruger i hverdagen.
Process
01 — Fortæl om din praksis
Du bliver guidet gennem din målgruppe, stil, indhold og de funktioner, din praksis har brug for.
02 — Se dit resultat
Birdflow samler dine valg til en rigtig hjemmeside og et visuelt udtryk, der passer til dig.
03 — Godkend, når du er tilfreds
Du får mulighed for at gennemgå resultatet og få det tilpasset, før du godkender det.
Account reassurance
Det tager kun et øjeblik at oprette din konto. Derefter bliver du guidet trin for trin.

Do not state an exact onboarding duration unless that duration is already verified and used elsewhere in the product.

Sign-up mode

Visitors arriving from the main marketing CTA should land in sign-up mode.

Preferred route:

/auth?mode=signup

Preserve the current routing convention if another parameter is already used.

Eyebrow
DIN HJEMMESIDE STARTER HER

Use Nunito ExtraBold, uppercase and restrained letter spacing.

Main heading
Få din hjemmeside

Use Agbalumo.

Supporting text
Opret din konto, og fortæl os om din praksis. Derefter guider Birdflow dig gennem din hjemmeside, dit visuelle udtryk og det indhold, du har brug for.
Primary action
Opret konto

Loading state:

Opretter din konto…

Preserve the current submission state and duplicate-submit protection.

Existing-user prompt
Har du allerede en konto?

Action:

Log ind
Sign-in mode
Eyebrow
VELKOMMEN TILBAGE
Main heading
Fortsæt med din hjemmeside

Use Agbalumo.

Supporting text
Log ind for at fortsætte med din hjemmeside, dine bookinger og resten af din digitale praksis.
Primary action
Log ind

Loading state:

Logger ind…
New-user prompt
Har du ikke en konto endnu?

Action:

Få din hjemmeside
Authentication tabs

Use:

Log ind
Opret konto

The active state must not rely only on colour.

Use a combination of:

Background or surface change.
Font weight.
Indicator or border.
Correct semantic state.
Visible focus state.

Where the current component supports it, maintain:

aria-selected
role="tab"
role="tablist"

Switching tabs must preserve expected browser behaviour and route state.

Form visual design

Do not change the existing field names, form schema or handlers.

Labels
Always visible.
Nunito ExtraBold.
Black on light backgrounds.
Clear association with the input.

Do not replace labels with placeholders.

Inputs

Use:

Comfortable height of approximately 46–50px.
Radius around 10–12px.
Black readable input text.
Clear focus-visible treatment using Bird Blue.
Clear error treatment.
Sufficient spacing between fields.
Existing browser autocomplete attributes.

Avoid exaggerated pill inputs.

Primary button

Default treatment on a light background:

Bird Blue background
White Nunito 800 text
Approximately 10px radius
Soft blue shadow
No gradient
No border

When placed directly on a Purple field:

Bird Blue background
White text
White border for separation

Support:

Hover.
Active.
Focus-visible.
Disabled.
Loading.
Keyboard activation.
Secondary actions

Use restrained Purple underlined text links.

Do not create several competing secondary button styles.

Provider buttons

Preserve the existing providers and handlers.

Restyle only their container, spacing, typography and states.

Do not change their provider icons into Birdflow assets.

Wave system

Use the Birdflow wave only where it improves the composition.

The wave must be:

Birdflow Purple.
Flat fill.
Full-bleed where used as a section transition.
Long and calm.
Free from gradients, outlines and shadows.
Limited to one directional change.

For this page, one restrained wave transition between the Purple brand area and Lime or Blush authentication area is enough.

Do not:

Fill empty space with waves.
Add repeated scallops.
Add tight S-curves.
Add multiple decorative ribbons.
Draw a random new curve if an existing master ribbon can be reused or mirrored.
Photography and illustration

This page does not require photography.

If existing photography is added, it must follow the brand guide:

Practice owner rather than patient.
Relaxed and confident.
No therapy scene.
No vulnerability imagery.
No generic corporate stock pose.
One subject only.
Cut out directly onto a Birdflow background where possible.
Clothing may echo the blue and purple palette.

Do not introduce:

Line-art illustrations.
3D renders.
Abstract mental-health imagery.
Generic SaaS illustration packs.
Sparkles or magic-wand imagery.
Decorative icon clouds.

The Birdflow bird, typography, colour fields and wave system should carry the identity.

Errors, validation and loading

Preserve all existing behaviour:

Required-field validation.
Email validation.
Password validation.
Server-side auth errors.
Existing error toasts.
Existing success toasts.
Disabled submission state.
Duplicate-submit prevention.
Loading indicators.

All user-facing messages should remain Danish.

Do not make authentication errors playful, unclear or overly branded.

Maintain or improve accessibility:

aria-invalid
aria-describedby
role="alert"

Errors must remain associated with their corresponding fields.

Loading must be communicated with text or accessible state, not only animation.

Component structure

Avoid turning auth.tsx into one large block of presentation code.

Extract components where they create useful separation:

AuthPageShell
AuthBrandPanel
AuthLogo
AuthModeTabs
AuthFormHeader
AuthReassurance

Keep existing auth logic in its current component or hook unless there is already an established shared abstraction.

Do not create separate duplicated sign-in and sign-up form logic merely to support different copy.

Mode-specific text should come from a small configuration object.

Example:

const authCopy = {
  signup: {
    eyebrow: "DIN HJEMMESIDE STARTER HER",
    heading: "Få din hjemmeside",
    description:
      "Opret din konto, og fortæl os om din praksis. Derefter guider Birdflow dig gennem din hjemmeside, dit visuelle udtryk og det indhold, du har brug for.",
  },
  signin: {
    eyebrow: "VELKOMMEN TILBAGE",
    heading: "Fortsæt med din hjemmeside",
    description:
      "Log ind for at fortsætte med din hjemmeside, dine bookinger og resten af din digitale praksis.",
  },
};
Implementation plan
Phase 1 — Protect existing auth behaviour

Before redesigning:

Run the current auth page.
Record all sign-in and sign-up fields.
Record route parameters and initial modes.
Record redirects.
Record provider behaviour.
Record validation and toast behaviour.
Add or preserve tests for these flows where test infrastructure exists.
Phase 2 — Align shared brand foundations
Compare bf2/theme.ts with the official brand guide.
Add or correct reusable colour tokens.
Confirm Agbalumo and Nunito loading.
Locate the canonical bird and wordmark.
Locate any official wave SVG or component.
Avoid duplicate font imports and duplicate colour constants.
Phase 3 — Build the responsive shell
Replace the generic auth-page background.
Add the desktop split layout.
Add the purposeful Purple brand panel.
Add the Lime or Blush form side.
Add the real logo.
Add one restrained wave treatment.
Add tablet and mobile collapse behaviour.
Phase 4 — Add mode-specific content
Make sign-up lead with “Få din hjemmeside”.
Add returning-user sign-in copy.
Add the three-step brand-panel journey.
Preserve the existing mode-switching logic.
Confirm the marketing CTA opens sign-up mode.
Phase 5 — Restyle forms without changing logic
Restyle tabs.
Restyle labels and inputs.
Restyle the primary action.
Restyle provider buttons.
Restyle helper text and links.
Preserve all validation and loading behaviour.
Remove the Sparkles placeholder completely.
Phase 6 — Verify

Run the project’s existing commands, including where available:

npm run check
npm run test
npm run build

Fix only regressions introduced by this task.

Testing requirements
Sign-up flow

Verify:

Marketing CTA opens sign-up mode.
/auth?mode=signup opens the correct state.
The headline is Få din hjemmeside.
Registration payload is unchanged.
Existing validation works.
Existing email-confirmation flow works.
Loading prevents duplicate submission.
Successful redirect is unchanged.
Sign-in flow

Verify:

Sign-in mode opens correctly.
Existing credentials flow works.
Invalid credentials show the existing error.
Forgot-password link is unchanged.
Provider sign-in remains functional.
Successful redirect is unchanged.
Responsive behaviour

Verify at:

375px
768px
1200px
1440px

Check:

No horizontal overflow.
Inputs remain usable.
Buttons remain at least approximately 44px high.
Brand content remains visible on mobile.
Form content is not compressed.
Tall screens do not create an excessive empty area.
Accessibility

Verify:

Complete keyboard navigation.
Visible focus states.
Correct label/input relationships.
Error association.
Correct tab semantics.
Accessible logo link.
Loading announced accessibly.
Sufficient text contrast.
Reduced-motion preferences respected.
Visual brand verification

Verify:

No Sparkles icon remains.
No indigo gradient remains.
No purple-to-blue gradient remains.
The official bird is used.
The wordmark is visible.
Birdflow Purple is the field colour.
Bird Blue is used for primary actions.
Lime and Blush are used as light grounds.
Body copy is black on light backgrounds.
Agbalumo is limited to emotional headlines.
Nunito is used throughout the functional UI.
The page does not resemble a generic starter-kit login.
Definition of done

The task is complete when:

The authentication page clearly belongs to Birdflow.
The real Birdflow bird and wordmark replace the placeholder.
The official colour roles are followed.
The sign-up state leads with “Få din hjemmeside”.
Sign-in has dedicated returning-user copy.
The brand panel explains what the customer receives.
The mobile version retains the important reassurance.
All visible copy is Danish.
Existing sign-in logic remains unchanged.
Existing sign-up logic remains unchanged.
Existing providers remain unchanged.
Existing validation and errors remain unchanged.
Existing redirects remain unchanged.
Existing loading behaviour remains unchanged.
The page works on mobile, tablet and desktop.
Excluded auth screens remain untouched.
Type checking passes.
Tests pass where available.
The production build succeeds.
No new visual system is created outside the existing BF2 brand foundation.